Add crosscutting concepts as seen in arc42 (#105)
wmde/wikidata-wikibase-architecture: Concepts.md

- [WikibaseDataModelTypes](https://github.com/wmde/WikibaseDataModelTypes)

You can read more about Wikibase's data model in the [Glossary](./Glossary.md#entity).

## User Experience concepts (UX)

### User Interface

User interfaces which were build prior to 2017 use either [OOUI](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/OOUI) or [jQuery UI](https://jqueryui.com).  
[OOUI](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/OOUI) is a MediaWiki core library (developed and supported by the WMF) that contains a set of ready-to-use widgets, layouts, windows and a server-side component that generates compatible output in PHP for cases where JavaScript is not supported.

There are several applications which are written in [Vue](https://vuejs.org/) and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).  
JavaScript and CSS dependencies are managed through npm. Optimization and minification of files is done through [Webpack](https://v4.webpack.js.org/).  
There is a central Vue components library in development as part of the [Wikidata/Wikibase Design System](https://wmde.github.io/wikit/). In the future, ideally, all frontend components will be using it.

> The project Termbox, which delivers the terms section of an item page on mobile, uses Vue and [Nuxt](https://nuxtjs.org/) to achieve [server side rendering](https://wikitech.wikimedia.org/wiki/WMDE/Wikidata/SSR_Service).

Reviewer: Termbox doesn't use Nuxt. We looked into it briefly when Termbox development started, but while it worked great for server-side rendering whole pages, SSR for partials such as Termbox was oddly difficult.

```suggestion
The project Termbox, which delivers the terms section of an item page on mobile, uses Vue and [vue-server-renderer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-server-renderer) to achieve [server side rendering](https://wikitech.wikimedia.org/wiki/WMDE/Wikidata/SSR_Service).
```

Author: :scream: I've lived a lie

# Crosscutting Concepts

![Crosscutting Concepts](./diagrams/08-crosscutting-concepts.drawio.svg)

## Domain concepts

- [WikibaseDataModel](https://github.com/wmde/WikibaseDataModel)
- [WikibaseDataModelJavaScript](https://github.com/wmde/WikibaseDataModelJavaScript)
- [WikibaseDataModelTypes](https://github.com/wmde/WikibaseDataModelTypes)

You can read more about Wikibase's data model in the [Glossary](./Glossary.md#entity).

## User Experience concepts (UX)

### User Interface

> The only user interface in Wikibase Client is the Data Bridge application which is written in Vue 2 and TypeScript.  

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is very client specific, possibly from before moving it to the overview section. It should either be extended with Repo UI concepts or split into Client/Repo sub-sections with a _TBD_ note for Repo.

Author: Indeed. I reworked it a bit to make it sound general.

JavaScript and CSS dependencies are managed through npm.  
Optimization and minification of files is done through webpack.  

> ### Internalization (i18n)

Reviewer 2: i13n? ;-)

```suggestion
### Internationalization (i18n)
```
